{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green128\blue8;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c57637\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh21300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
key is 1 and 1 : BBM VUUY IN BBM RUDU GIMKIB QM XCEM. QWYWYMY!\
key is 1 and 2 : BCM VVUZ JN BCM RVDV HINKJB QN YCFM. RWZWZMZ!\
key is 1 and 3 : BDM VWUA KN BDM RWDW IIOKKB QO ZCGM. SWAWAMA!\
key is 1 and 4 : BEM VXUB LN BEM RXDX JIPKLB QP ACHM. TWBWBMB!\
key is 1 and 5 : BFM VYUC MN BFM RYDY KIQKMB QQ BCIM. UWCWCMC!\
key is 1 and 6 : BGM VZUD NN BGM RZDZ LIRKNB QR CCJM. VWDWDMD!\
key is 1 and 7 : BHM VAUE ON BHM RADA MISKOB QS DCKM. WWEWEME!\
key is 1 and 8 : BIM VBUF PN BIM RBDB NITKPB QT ECLM. XWFWFMF!\
key is 1 and 9 : BJM VCUG QN BJM RCDC OIUKQB QU FCMM. YWGWGMG!\
key is 1 and 10 : BKM VDUH RN BKM RDDD PIVKRB QV GCNM. ZWHWHMH!\
key is 1 and 11 : BLM VEUI SN BLM REDE QIWKSB QW HCOM. AWIWIMI!\
key is 1 and 12 : BMM VFUJ TN BMM RFDF RIXKTB QX ICPM. BWJWJMJ!\
key is 1 and 13 : BNM VGUK UN BNM RGDG SIYKUB QY JCQM. CWKWKMK!\
key is 1 and 14 : BOM VHUL VN BOM RHDH TIZKVB QZ KCRM. DWLWLML!\
key is 1 and 15 : BPM VIUM WN BPM RIDI UIAKWB QA LCSM. EWMWMMM!\
key is 1 and 16 : BQM VJUN XN BQM RJDJ VIBKXB QB MCTM. FWNWNMN!\
key is 1 and 17 : BRM VKUO YN BRM RKDK WICKYB QC NCUM. GWOWOMO!\
key is 1 and 18 : BSM VLUP ZN BSM RLDL XIDKZB QD OCVM. HWPWPMP!\
key is 1 and 19 : BTM VMUQ AN BTM RMDM YIEKAB QE PCWM. IWQWQMQ!\
key is 1 and 20 : BUM VNUR BN BUM RNDN ZIFKBB QF QCXM. JWRWRMR!\
key is 1 and 21 : BVM VOUS CN BVM RODO AIGKCB QG RCYM. KWSWSMS!\
key is 1 and 22 : BWM VPUT DN BWM RPDP BIHKDB QH SCZM. LWTWTMT!\
key is 1 and 23 : BXM VQUU EN BXM RQDQ CIIKEB QI TCAM. MWUWUMU!\
key is 1 and 24 : BYM VRUV FN BYM RRDR DIJKFB QJ UCBM. NWVWVMV!\
key is 1 and 25 : BZM VSUW GN BZM RSDS EIKKGB QK VCCM. OWWWWMW!\
key is 1 and 26 : BAM VTUX HN BAM RTDT FILKHB QL WCDM. PWXWXMX!\
key is 2 and 1 : CBN WUVY IO CBN SUEU GJMLIC RM XDEN. QXYXYNY!\
key is 2 and 2 : CCN WVVZ JO CCN SVEV HJNLJC RN YDFN. RXZXZNZ!\
key is 2 and 3 : CDN WWVA KO CDN SWEW IJOLKC RO ZDGN. SXAXANA!\
key is 2 and 4 : CEN WXVB LO CEN SXEX JJPLLC RP ADHN. TXBXBNB!\
key is 2 and 5 : CFN WYVC MO CFN SYEY KJQLMC RQ BDIN. UXCXCNC!\
key is 2 and 6 : CGN WZVD NO CGN SZEZ LJRLNC RR CDJN. VXDXDND!\
key is 2 and 7 : CHN WAVE OO CHN SAEA MJSLOC RS DDKN. WXEXENE!\
key is 2 and 8 : CIN WBVF PO CIN SBEB NJTLPC RT EDLN. XXFXFNF!\
key is 2 and 9 : CJN WCVG QO CJN SCEC OJULQC RU FDMN. YXGXGNG!\
key is 2 and 10 : CKN WDVH RO CKN SDED PJVLRC RV GDNN. ZXHXHNH!\
key is 2 and 11 : CLN WEVI SO CLN SEEE QJWLSC RW HDON. AXIXINI!\
key is 2 and 12 : CMN WFVJ TO CMN SFEF RJXLTC RX IDPN. BXJXJNJ!\
key is 2 and 13 : CNN WGVK UO CNN SGEG SJYLUC RY JDQN. CXKXKNK!\
key is 2 and 14 : CON WHVL VO CON SHEH TJZLVC RZ KDRN. DXLXLNL!\
key is 2 and 15 : CPN WIVM WO CPN SIEI UJALWC RA LDSN. EXMXMNM!\
key is 2 and 16 : CQN WJVN XO CQN SJEJ VJBLXC RB MDTN. FXNXNNN!\
key is 2 and 17 : CRN WKVO YO CRN SKEK WJCLYC RC NDUN. GXOXONO!\
key is 2 and 18 : CSN WLVP ZO CSN SLEL XJDLZC RD ODVN. HXPXPNP!\
key is 2 and 19 : CTN WMVQ AO CTN SMEM YJELAC RE PDWN. IXQXQNQ!\
key is 2 and 20 : CUN WNVR BO CUN SNEN ZJFLBC RF QDXN. JXRXRNR!\
key is 2 and 21 : CVN WOVS CO CVN SOEO AJGLCC RG RDYN. KXSXSNS!\
key is 2 and 22 : CWN WPVT DO CWN SPEP BJHLDC RH SDZN. LXTXTNT!\
key is 2 and 23 : CXN WQVU EO CXN SQEQ CJILEC RI TDAN. MXUXUNU!\
key is 2 and 24 : CYN WRVV FO CYN SRER DJJLFC RJ UDBN. NXVXVNV!\
key is 2 and 25 : CZN WSVW GO CZN SSES EJKLGC RK VDCN. OXWXWNW!\
key is 2 and 26 : CAN WTVX HO CAN STET FJLLHC RL WDDN. PXXXXNX!\
key is 3 and 1 : DBO XUWY IP DBO TUFU GKMMID SM XEEO. QYYYYOY!\
key is 3 and 2 : DCO XVWZ JP DCO TVFV HKNMJD SN YEFO. RYZYZOZ!\
key is 3 and 3 : DDO XWWA KP DDO TWFW IKOMKD SO ZEGO. SYAYAOA!\
key is 3 and 4 : DEO XXWB LP DEO TXFX JKPMLD SP AEHO. TYBYBOB!\
key is 3 and 5 : DFO XYWC MP DFO TYFY KKQMMD SQ BEIO. UYCYCOC!\
key is 3 and 6 : DGO XZWD NP DGO TZFZ LKRMND SR CEJO. VYDYDOD!\
key is 3 and 7 : DHO XAWE OP DHO TAFA MKSMOD SS DEKO. WYEYEOE!\
key is 3 and 8 : DIO XBWF PP DIO TBFB NKTMPD ST EELO. XYFYFOF!\
key is 3 and 9 : DJO XCWG QP DJO TCFC OKUMQD SU FEMO. YYGYGOG!\
key is 3 and 10 : DKO XDWH RP DKO TDFD PKVMRD SV GENO. ZYHYHOH!\
key is 3 and 11 : DLO XEWI SP DLO TEFE QKWMSD SW HEOO. AYIYIOI!\
key is 3 and 12 : DMO XFWJ TP DMO TFFF RKXMTD SX IEPO. BYJYJOJ!\
key is 3 and 13 : DNO XGWK UP DNO TGFG SKYMUD SY JEQO. CYKYKOK!\
key is 3 and 14 : DOO XHWL VP DOO THFH TKZMVD SZ KERO. DYLYLOL!\
key is 3 and 15 : DPO XIWM WP DPO TIFI UKAMWD SA LESO. EYMYMOM!\
key is 3 and 16 : DQO XJWN XP DQO TJFJ VKBMXD SB METO. FYNYNON!\
key is 3 and 17 : DRO XKWO YP DRO TKFK WKCMYD SC NEUO. GYOYOOO!\
key is 3 and 18 : DSO XLWP ZP DSO TLFL XKDMZD SD OEVO. HYPYPOP!\
key is 3 and 19 : DTO XMWQ AP DTO TMFM YKEMAD SE PEWO. IYQYQOQ!\
key is 3 and 20 : DUO XNWR BP DUO TNFN ZKFMBD SF QEXO. JYRYROR!\
key is 3 and 21 : DVO XOWS CP DVO TOFO AKGMCD SG REYO. KYSYSOS!\
key is 3 and 22 : DWO XPWT DP DWO TPFP BKHMDD SH SEZO. LYTYTOT!\
key is 3 and 23 : DXO XQWU EP DXO TQFQ CKIMED SI TEAO. MYUYUOU!\
key is 3 and 24 : DYO XRWV FP DYO TRFR DKJMFD SJ UEBO. NYVYVOV!\
key is 3 and 25 : DZO XSWW GP DZO TSFS EKKMGD SK VECO. OYWYWOW!\
key is 3 and 26 : DAO XTWX HP DAO TTFT FKLMHD SL WEDO. PYXYXOX!\
key is 4 and 1 : EBP YUXY IQ EBP UUGU GLMNIE TM XFEP. QZYZYPY!\
key is 4 and 2 : ECP YVXZ JQ ECP UVGV HLNNJE TN YFFP. RZZZZPZ!\
key is 4 and 3 : EDP YWXA KQ EDP UWGW ILONKE TO ZFGP. SZAZAPA!\
key is 4 and 4 : EEP YXXB LQ EEP UXGX JLPNLE TP AFHP. TZBZBPB!\
key is 4 and 5 : EFP YYXC MQ EFP UYGY KLQNME TQ BFIP. UZCZCPC!\
key is 4 and 6 : EGP YZXD NQ EGP UZGZ LLRNNE TR CFJP. VZDZDPD!\
key is 4 and 7 : EHP YAXE OQ EHP UAGA MLSNOE TS DFKP. WZEZEPE!\
key is 4 and 8 : EIP YBXF PQ EIP UBGB NLTNPE TT EFLP. XZFZFPF!\
key is 4 and 9 : EJP YCXG QQ EJP UCGC OLUNQE TU FFMP. YZGZGPG!\
key is 4 and 10 : EKP YDXH RQ EKP UDGD PLVNRE TV GFNP. ZZHZHPH!\
key is 4 and 11 : ELP YEXI SQ ELP UEGE QLWNSE TW HFOP. AZIZIPI!\
key is 4 and 12 : EMP YFXJ TQ EMP UFGF RLXNTE TX IFPP. BZJZJPJ!\
key is 4 and 13 : ENP YGXK UQ ENP UGGG SLYNUE TY JFQP. CZKZKPK!\
key is 4 and 14 : EOP YHXL VQ EOP UHGH TLZNVE TZ KFRP. DZLZLPL!\
key is 4 and 15 : EPP YIXM WQ EPP UIGI ULANWE TA LFSP. EZMZMPM!\
key is 4 and 16 : EQP YJXN XQ EQP UJGJ VLBNXE TB MFTP. FZNZNPN!\
key is 4 and 17 : ERP YKXO YQ ERP UKGK WLCNYE TC NFUP. GZOZOPO!\
key is 4 and 18 : ESP YLXP ZQ ESP ULGL XLDNZE TD OFVP. HZPZPPP!\
key is 4 and 19 : ETP YMXQ AQ ETP UMGM YLENAE TE PFWP. IZQZQPQ!\
key is 4 and 20 : EUP YNXR BQ EUP UNGN ZLFNBE TF QFXP. JZRZRPR!\
key is 4 and 21 : EVP YOXS CQ EVP UOGO ALGNCE TG RFYP. KZSZSPS!\
key is 4 and 22 : EWP YPXT DQ EWP UPGP BLHNDE TH SFZP. LZTZTPT!\
key is 4 and 23 : EXP YQXU EQ EXP UQGQ CLINEE TI TFAP. MZUZUPU!\
key is 4 and 24 : EYP YRXV FQ EYP URGR DLJNFE TJ UFBP. NZVZVPV!\
key is 4 and 25 : EZP YSXW GQ EZP USGS ELKNGE TK VFCP. OZWZWPW!\
key is 4 and 26 : EAP YTXX HQ EAP UTGT FLLNHE TL WFDP. PZXZXPX!\
key is 5 and 1 : FBQ ZUYY IR FBQ VUHU GMMOIF UM XGEQ. QAYAYQY!\
key is 5 and 2 : FCQ ZVYZ JR FCQ VVHV HMNOJF UN YGFQ. RAZAZQZ!\
key is 5 and 3 : FDQ ZWYA KR FDQ VWHW IMOOKF UO ZGGQ. SAAAAQA!\
key is 5 and 4 : FEQ ZXYB LR FEQ VXHX JMPOLF UP AGHQ. TABABQB!\
key is 5 and 5 : FFQ ZYYC MR FFQ VYHY KMQOMF UQ BGIQ. UACACQC!\
key is 5 and 6 : FGQ ZZYD NR FGQ VZHZ LMRONF UR CGJQ. VADADQD!\
key is 5 and 7 : FHQ ZAYE OR FHQ VAHA MMSOOF US DGKQ. WAEAEQE!\
key is 5 and 8 : FIQ ZBYF PR FIQ VBHB NMTOPF UT EGLQ. XAFAFQF!\
key is 5 and 9 : FJQ ZCYG QR FJQ VCHC OMUOQF UU FGMQ. YAGAGQG!\
key is 5 and 10 : FKQ ZDYH RR FKQ VDHD PMVORF UV GGNQ. ZAHAHQH!\
key is 5 and 11 : FLQ ZEYI SR FLQ VEHE QMWOSF UW HGOQ. AAIAIQI!\
key is 5 and 12 : FMQ ZFYJ TR FMQ VFHF RMXOTF UX IGPQ. BAJAJQJ!\
key is 5 and 13 : FNQ ZGYK UR FNQ VGHG SMYOUF UY JGQQ. CAKAKQK!\
key is 5 and 14 : FOQ ZHYL VR FOQ VHHH TMZOVF UZ KGRQ. DALALQL!\
key is 5 and 15 : FPQ ZIYM WR FPQ VIHI UMAOWF UA LGSQ. EAMAMQM!\
key is 5 and 16 : FQQ ZJYN XR FQQ VJHJ VMBOXF UB MGTQ. FANANQN!\
key is 5 and 17 : FRQ ZKYO YR FRQ VKHK WMCOYF UC NGUQ. GAOAOQO!\
key is 5 and 18 : FSQ ZLYP ZR FSQ VLHL XMDOZF UD OGVQ. HAPAPQP!\
key is 5 and 19 : FTQ ZMYQ AR FTQ VMHM YMEOAF UE PGWQ. IAQAQQQ!\
key is 5 and 20 : FUQ ZNYR BR FUQ VNHN ZMFOBF UF QGXQ. JARARQR!\
key is 5 and 21 : FVQ ZOYS CR FVQ VOHO AMGOCF UG RGYQ. KASASQS!\
key is 5 and 22 : FWQ ZPYT DR FWQ VPHP BMHODF UH SGZQ. LATATQT!\
key is 5 and 23 : FXQ ZQYU ER FXQ VQHQ CMIOEF UI TGAQ. MAUAUQU!\
key is 5 and 24 : FYQ ZRYV FR FYQ VRHR DMJOFF UJ UGBQ. NAVAVQV!\
key is 5 and 25 : FZQ ZSYW GR FZQ VSHS EMKOGF UK VGCQ. OAWAWQW!\
key is 5 and 26 : FAQ ZTYX HR FAQ VTHT FMLOHF UL WGDQ. PAXAXQX!\
key is 6 and 1 : GBR AUZY IS GBR WUIU GNMPIG VM XHER. QBYBYRY!\
key is 6 and 2 : GCR AVZZ JS GCR WVIV HNNPJG VN YHFR. RBZBZRZ!\
key is 6 and 3 : GDR AWZA KS GDR WWIW INOPKG VO ZHGR. SBABARA!\
key is 6 and 4 : GER AXZB LS GER WXIX JNPPLG VP AHHR. TBBBBRB!\
key is 6 and 5 : GFR AYZC MS GFR WYIY KNQPMG VQ BHIR. UBCBCRC!\
key is 6 and 6 : GGR AZZD NS GGR WZIZ LNRPNG VR CHJR. VBDBDRD!\
key is 6 and 7 : GHR AAZE OS GHR WAIA MNSPOG VS DHKR. WBEBERE!\
key is 6 and 8 : GIR ABZF PS GIR WBIB NNTPPG VT EHLR. XBFBFRF!\
key is 6 and 9 : GJR ACZG QS GJR WCIC ONUPQG VU FHMR. YBGBGRG!\
key is 6 and 10 : GKR ADZH RS GKR WDID PNVPRG VV GHNR. ZBHBHRH!\
key is 6 and 11 : GLR AEZI SS GLR WEIE QNWPSG VW HHOR. ABIBIRI!\
key is 6 and 12 : GMR AFZJ TS GMR WFIF RNXPTG VX IHPR. BBJBJRJ!\
key is 6 and 13 : GNR AGZK US GNR WGIG SNYPUG VY JHQR. CBKBKRK!\
key is 6 and 14 : GOR AHZL VS GOR WHIH TNZPVG VZ KHRR. DBLBLRL!\
key is 6 and 15 : GPR AIZM WS GPR WIII UNAPWG VA LHSR. EBMBMRM!\
key is 6 and 16 : GQR AJZN XS GQR WJIJ VNBPXG VB MHTR. FBNBNRN!\
key is 6 and 17 : GRR AKZO YS GRR WKIK WNCPYG VC NHUR. GBOBORO!\
key is 6 and 18 : GSR ALZP ZS GSR WLIL XNDPZG VD OHVR. HBPBPRP!\
key is 6 and 19 : GTR AMZQ AS GTR WMIM YNEPAG VE PHWR. IBQBQRQ!\
key is 6 and 20 : GUR ANZR BS GUR WNIN ZNFPBG VF QHXR. JBRBRRR!\
key is 6 and 21 : GVR AOZS CS GVR WOIO ANGPCG VG RHYR. KBSBSRS!\
key is 6 and 22 : GWR APZT DS GWR WPIP BNHPDG VH SHZR. LBTBTRT!\
key is 6 and 23 : GXR AQZU ES GXR WQIQ CNIPEG VI THAR. MBUBURU!\
key is 6 and 24 : GYR ARZV FS GYR WRIR DNJPFG VJ UHBR. NBVBVRV!\
key is 6 and 25 : GZR ASZW GS GZR WSIS ENKPGG VK VHCR. OBWBWRW!\
key is 6 and 26 : GAR ATZX HS GAR WTIT FNLPHG VL WHDR. PBXBXRX!\
key is 7 and 1 : HBS BUAY IT HBS XUJU GOMQIH WM XIES. QCYCYSY!\
key is 7 and 2 : HCS BVAZ JT HCS XVJV HONQJH WN YIFS. RCZCZSZ!\
key is 7 and 3 : HDS BWAA KT HDS XWJW IOOQKH WO ZIGS. SCACASA!\
key is 7 and 4 : HES BXAB LT HES XXJX JOPQLH WP AIHS. TCBCBSB!\
key is 7 and 5 : HFS BYAC MT HFS XYJY KOQQMH WQ BIIS. UCCCCSC!\
key is 7 and 6 : HGS BZAD NT HGS XZJZ LORQNH WR CIJS. VCDCDSD!\
key is 7 and 7 : HHS BAAE OT HHS XAJA MOSQOH WS DIKS. WCECESE!\
key is 7 and 8 : HIS BBAF PT HIS XBJB NOTQPH WT EILS. XCFCFSF!\
key is 7 and 9 : HJS BCAG QT HJS XCJC OOUQQH WU FIMS. YCGCGSG!\
key is 7 and 10 : HKS BDAH RT HKS XDJD POVQRH WV GINS. ZCHCHSH!\
key is 7 and 11 : HLS BEAI ST HLS XEJE QOWQSH WW HIOS. ACICISI!\
key is 7 and 12 : HMS BFAJ TT HMS XFJF ROXQTH WX IIPS. BCJCJSJ!\
key is 7 and 13 : HNS BGAK UT HNS XGJG SOYQUH WY JIQS. CCKCKSK!\
key is 7 and 14 : HOS BHAL VT HOS XHJH TOZQVH WZ KIRS. DCLCLSL!\
key is 7 and 15 : HPS BIAM WT HPS XIJI UOAQWH WA LISS. ECMCMSM!\
key is 7 and 16 : HQS BJAN XT HQS XJJJ VOBQXH WB MITS. FCNCNSN!\
key is 7 and 17 : HRS BKAO YT HRS XKJK WOCQYH WC NIUS. GCOCOSO!\
key is 7 and 18 : HSS BLAP ZT HSS XLJL XODQZH WD OIVS. HCPCPSP!\
key is 7 and 19 : HTS BMAQ AT HTS XMJM YOEQAH WE PIWS. ICQCQSQ!\
key is 7 and 20 : HUS BNAR BT HUS XNJN ZOFQBH WF QIXS. JCRCRSR!\
key is 7 and 21 : HVS BOAS CT HVS XOJO AOGQCH WG RIYS. KCSCSSS!\
key is 7 and 22 : HWS BPAT DT HWS XPJP BOHQDH WH SIZS. LCTCTST!\
key is 7 and 23 : HXS BQAU ET HXS XQJQ COIQEH WI TIAS. MCUCUSU!\
key is 7 and 24 : HYS BRAV FT HYS XRJR DOJQFH WJ UIBS. NCVCVSV!\
key is 7 and 25 : HZS BSAW GT HZS XSJS EOKQGH WK VICS. OCWCWSW!\
key is 7 and 26 : HAS BTAX HT HAS XTJT FOLQHH WL WIDS. PCXCXSX!\
key is 8 and 1 : IBT CUBY IU IBT YUKU GPMRII XM XJET. QDYDYTY!\
key is 8 and 2 : ICT CVBZ JU ICT YVKV HPNRJI XN YJFT. RDZDZTZ!\
key is 8 and 3 : IDT CWBA KU IDT YWKW IPORKI XO ZJGT. SDADATA!\
key is 8 and 4 : IET CXBB LU IET YXKX JPPRLI XP AJHT. TDBDBTB!\
key is 8 and 5 : IFT CYBC MU IFT YYKY KPQRMI XQ BJIT. UDCDCTC!\
key is 8 and 6 : IGT CZBD NU IGT YZKZ LPRRNI XR CJJT. VDDDDTD!\
key is 8 and 7 : IHT CABE OU IHT YAKA MPSROI XS DJKT. WDEDETE!\
key is 8 and 8 : IIT CBBF PU IIT YBKB NPTRPI XT EJLT. XDFDFTF!\
key is 8 and 9 : IJT CCBG QU IJT YCKC OPURQI XU FJMT. YDGDGTG!\
key is 8 and 10 : IKT CDBH RU IKT YDKD PPVRRI XV GJNT. ZDHDHTH!\
key is 8 and 11 : ILT CEBI SU ILT YEKE QPWRSI XW HJOT. ADIDITI!\
key is 8 and 12 : IMT CFBJ TU IMT YFKF RPXRTI XX IJPT. BDJDJTJ!\
key is 8 and 13 : INT CGBK UU INT YGKG SPYRUI XY JJQT. CDKDKTK!\
key is 8 and 14 : IOT CHBL VU IOT YHKH TPZRVI XZ KJRT. DDLDLTL!\
key is 8 and 15 : IPT CIBM WU IPT YIKI UPARWI XA LJST. EDMDMTM!\
key is 8 and 16 : IQT CJBN XU IQT YJKJ VPBRXI XB MJTT. FDNDNTN!\
key is 8 and 17 : IRT CKBO YU IRT YKKK WPCRYI XC NJUT. GDODOTO!\
key is 8 and 18 : IST CLBP ZU IST YLKL XPDRZI XD OJVT. HDPDPTP!\
key is 8 and 19 : ITT CMBQ AU ITT YMKM YPERAI XE PJWT. IDQDQTQ!\
key is 8 and 20 : IUT CNBR BU IUT YNKN ZPFRBI XF QJXT. JDRDRTR!\
key is 8 and 21 : IVT COBS CU IVT YOKO APGRCI XG RJYT. KDSDSTS!\
key is 8 and 22 : IWT CPBT DU IWT YPKP BPHRDI XH SJZT. LDTDTTT!\
key is 8 and 23 : IXT CQBU EU IXT YQKQ CPIREI XI TJAT. MDUDUTU!\
key is 8 and 24 : IYT CRBV FU IYT YRKR DPJRFI XJ UJBT. NDVDVTV!\
key is 8 and 25 : IZT CSBW GU IZT YSKS EPKRGI XK VJCT. ODWDWTW!\
key is 8 and 26 : IAT CTBX HU IAT YTKT FPLRHI XL WJDT. PDXDXTX!\
key is 9 and 1 : JBU DUCY IV JBU ZULU GQMSIJ YM XKEU. QEYEYUY!\
key is 9 and 2 : JCU DVCZ JV JCU ZVLV HQNSJJ YN YKFU. REZEZUZ!\
key is 9 and 3 : JDU DWCA KV JDU ZWLW IQOSKJ YO ZKGU. SEAEAUA!\
key is 9 and 4 : JEU DXCB LV JEU ZXLX JQPSLJ YP AKHU. TEBEBUB!\
key is 9 and 5 : JFU DYCC MV JFU ZYLY KQQSMJ YQ BKIU. UECECUC!\
key is 9 and 6 : JGU DZCD NV JGU ZZLZ LQRSNJ YR CKJU. VEDEDUD!\
key is 9 and 7 : JHU DACE OV JHU ZALA MQSSOJ YS DKKU. WEEEEUE!\
key is 9 and 8 : JIU DBCF PV JIU ZBLB NQTSPJ YT EKLU. XEFEFUF!\
key is 9 and 9 : JJU DCCG QV JJU ZCLC OQUSQJ YU FKMU. YEGEGUG!\
key is 9 and 10 : JKU DDCH RV JKU ZDLD PQVSRJ YV GKNU. ZEHEHUH!\
key is 9 and 11 : JLU DECI SV JLU ZELE QQWSSJ YW HKOU. AEIEIUI!\
key is 9 and 12 : JMU DFCJ TV JMU ZFLF RQXSTJ YX IKPU. BEJEJUJ!\
key is 9 and 13 : JNU DGCK UV JNU ZGLG SQYSUJ YY JKQU. CEKEKUK!\
key is 9 and 14 : JOU DHCL VV JOU ZHLH TQZSVJ YZ KKRU. DELELUL!\
key is 9 and 15 : JPU DICM WV JPU ZILI UQASWJ YA LKSU. EEMEMUM!\
key is 9 and 16 : JQU DJCN XV JQU ZJLJ VQBSXJ YB MKTU. FENENUN!\
key is 9 and 17 : JRU DKCO YV JRU ZKLK WQCSYJ YC NKUU. GEOEOUO!\
key is 9 and 18 : JSU DLCP ZV JSU ZLLL XQDSZJ YD OKVU. HEPEPUP!\
key is 9 and 19 : JTU DMCQ AV JTU ZMLM YQESAJ YE PKWU. IEQEQUQ!\
key is 9 and 20 : JUU DNCR BV JUU ZNLN ZQFSBJ YF QKXU. JERERUR!\
key is 9 and 21 : JVU DOCS CV JVU ZOLO AQGSCJ YG RKYU. KESESUS!\
key is 9 and 22 : JWU DPCT DV JWU ZPLP BQHSDJ YH SKZU. LETETUT!\
key is 9 and 23 : JXU DQCU EV JXU ZQLQ CQISEJ YI TKAU. MEUEUUU!\
key is 9 and 24 : JYU DRCV FV JYU ZRLR DQJSFJ YJ UKBU. NEVEVUV!\
key is 9 and 25 : JZU DSCW GV JZU ZSLS EQKSGJ YK VKCU. OEWEWUW!\
key is 9 and 26 : JAU DTCX HV JAU ZTLT FQLSHJ YL WKDU. PEXEXUX!\
key is 10 and 1 : KBV EUDY IW KBV AUMU GRMTIK ZM XLEV. QFYFYVY!\
key is 10 and 2 : KCV EVDZ JW KCV AVMV HRNTJK ZN YLFV. RFZFZVZ!\
key is 10 and 3 : KDV EWDA KW KDV AWMW IROTKK ZO ZLGV. SFAFAVA!\
key is 10 and 4 : KEV EXDB LW KEV AXMX JRPTLK ZP ALHV. TFBFBVB!\
key is 10 and 5 : KFV EYDC MW KFV AYMY KRQTMK ZQ BLIV. UFCFCVC!\
key is 10 and 6 : KGV EZDD NW KGV AZMZ LRRTNK ZR CLJV. VFDFDVD!\
key is 10 and 7 : KHV EADE OW KHV AAMA MRSTOK ZS DLKV. WFEFEVE!\
key is 10 and 8 : KIV EBDF PW KIV ABMB NRTTPK ZT ELLV. XFFFFVF!\
key is 10 and 9 : KJV ECDG QW KJV ACMC ORUTQK ZU FLMV. YFGFGVG!\
key is 10 and 10 : KKV EDDH RW KKV ADMD PRVTRK ZV GLNV. ZFHFHVH!\
key is 10 and 11 : KLV EEDI SW KLV AEME QRWTSK ZW HLOV. AFIFIVI!\
key is 10 and 12 : KMV EFDJ TW KMV AFMF RRXTTK ZX ILPV. BFJFJVJ!\
key is 10 and 13 : KNV EGDK UW KNV AGMG SRYTUK ZY JLQV. CFKFKVK!\
key is 10 and 14 : KOV EHDL VW KOV AHMH TRZTVK ZZ KLRV. DFLFLVL!\
key is 10 and 15 : KPV EIDM WW KPV AIMI URATWK ZA LLSV. EFMFMVM!\
key is 10 and 16 : KQV EJDN XW KQV AJMJ VRBTXK ZB MLTV. FFNFNVN!\
key is 10 and 17 : KRV EKDO YW KRV AKMK WRCTYK ZC NLUV. GFOFOVO!\
key is 10 and 18 : KSV ELDP ZW KSV ALML XRDTZK ZD OLVV. HFPFPVP!\
key is 10 and 19 : KTV EMDQ AW KTV AMMM YRETAK ZE PLWV. IFQFQVQ!\
key is 10 and 20 : KUV ENDR BW KUV ANMN ZRFTBK ZF QLXV. JFRFRVR!\
key is 10 and 21 : KVV EODS CW KVV AOMO ARGTCK ZG RLYV. KFSFSVS!\
key is 10 and 22 : KWV EPDT DW KWV APMP BRHTDK ZH SLZV. LFTFTVT!\
key is 10 and 23 : KXV EQDU EW KXV AQMQ CRITEK ZI TLAV. MFUFUVU!\
key is 10 and 24 : KYV ERDV FW KYV ARMR DRJTFK ZJ ULBV. NFVFVVV!\
key is 10 and 25 : KZV ESDW GW KZV ASMS ERKTGK ZK VLCV. OFWFWVW!\
key is 10 and 26 : KAV ETDX HW KAV ATMT FRLTHK ZL WLDV. PFXFXVX!\
key is 11 and 1 : LBW FUEY IX LBW BUNU GSMUIL AM XMEW. QGYGYWY!\
key is 11 and 2 : LCW FVEZ JX LCW BVNV HSNUJL AN YMFW. RGZGZWZ!\
key is 11 and 3 : LDW FWEA KX LDW BWNW ISOUKL AO ZMGW. SGAGAWA!\
key is 11 and 4 : LEW FXEB LX LEW BXNX JSPULL AP AMHW. TGBGBWB!\
key is 11 and 5 : LFW FYEC MX LFW BYNY KSQUML AQ BMIW. UGCGCWC!\
key is 11 and 6 : LGW FZED NX LGW BZNZ LSRUNL AR CMJW. VGDGDWD!\
key is 11 and 7 : LHW FAEE OX LHW BANA MSSUOL AS DMKW. WGEGEWE!\
key is 11 and 8 : LIW FBEF PX LIW BBNB NSTUPL AT EMLW. XGFGFWF!\
key is 11 and 9 : LJW FCEG QX LJW BCNC OSUUQL AU FMMW. YGGGGWG!\
key is 11 and 10 : LKW FDEH RX LKW BDND PSVURL AV GMNW. ZGHGHWH!\
key is 11 and 11 : LLW FEEI SX LLW BENE QSWUSL AW HMOW. AGIGIWI!\
key is 11 and 12 : LMW FFEJ TX LMW BFNF RSXUTL AX IMPW. BGJGJWJ!\
key is 11 and 13 : LNW FGEK UX LNW BGNG SSYUUL AY JMQW. CGKGKWK!\
key is 11 and 14 : LOW FHEL VX LOW BHNH TSZUVL AZ KMRW. DGLGLWL!\
key is 11 and 15 : LPW FIEM WX LPW BINI USAUWL AA LMSW. EGMGMWM!\
key is 11 and 16 : LQW FJEN XX LQW BJNJ VSBUXL AB MMTW. FGNGNWN!\
key is 11 and 17 : LRW FKEO YX LRW BKNK WSCUYL AC NMUW. GGOGOWO!\
key is 11 and 18 : LSW FLEP ZX LSW BLNL XSDUZL AD OMVW. HGPGPWP!\
key is 11 and 19 : LTW FMEQ AX LTW BMNM YSEUAL AE PMWW. IGQGQWQ!\
key is 11 and 20 : LUW FNER BX LUW BNNN ZSFUBL AF QMXW. JGRGRWR!\
key is 11 and 21 : LVW FOES CX LVW BONO ASGUCL AG RMYW. KGSGSWS!\
key is 11 and 22 : LWW FPET DX LWW BPNP BSHUDL AH SMZW. LGTGTWT!\
key is 11 and 23 : LXW FQEU EX LXW BQNQ CSIUEL AI TMAW. MGUGUWU!\
key is 11 and 24 : LYW FREV FX LYW BRNR DSJUFL AJ UMBW. NGVGVWV!\
key is 11 and 25 : LZW FSEW GX LZW BSNS ESKUGL AK VMCW. OGWGWWW!\
key is 11 and 26 : LAW FTEX HX LAW BTNT FSLUHL AL WMDW. PGXGXWX!\
key is 12 and 1 : MBX GUFY IY MBX CUOU GTMVIM BM XNEX. QHYHYXY!\
key is 12 and 2 : MCX GVFZ JY MCX CVOV HTNVJM BN YNFX. RHZHZXZ!\
key is 12 and 3 : MDX GWFA KY MDX CWOW ITOVKM BO ZNGX. SHAHAXA!\
key is 12 and 4 : MEX GXFB LY MEX CXOX JTPVLM BP ANHX. THBHBXB!\
key is 12 and 5 : MFX GYFC MY MFX CYOY KTQVMM BQ BNIX. UHCHCXC!\
key is 12 and 6 : MGX GZFD NY MGX CZOZ LTRVNM BR CNJX. VHDHDXD!\
key is 12 and 7 : MHX GAFE OY MHX CAOA MTSVOM BS DNKX. WHEHEXE!\
key is 12 and 8 : MIX GBFF PY MIX CBOB NTTVPM BT ENLX. XHFHFXF!\
key is 12 and 9 : MJX GCFG QY MJX CCOC OTUVQM BU FNMX. YHGHGXG!\
key is 12 and 10 : MKX GDFH RY MKX CDOD PTVVRM BV GNNX. ZHHHHXH!\
key is 12 and 11 : MLX GEFI SY MLX CEOE QTWVSM BW HNOX. AHIHIXI!\
key is 12 and 12 : MMX GFFJ TY MMX CFOF RTXVTM BX INPX. BHJHJXJ!\
key is 12 and 13 : MNX GGFK UY MNX CGOG STYVUM BY JNQX. CHKHKXK!\
key is 12 and 14 : MOX GHFL VY MOX CHOH TTZVVM BZ KNRX. DHLHLXL!\
key is 12 and 15 : MPX GIFM WY MPX CIOI UTAVWM BA LNSX. EHMHMXM!\
key is 12 and 16 : MQX GJFN XY MQX CJOJ VTBVXM BB MNTX. FHNHNXN!\
key is 12 and 17 : MRX GKFO YY MRX CKOK WTCVYM BC NNUX. GHOHOXO!\
key is 12 and 18 : MSX GLFP ZY MSX CLOL XTDVZM BD ONVX. HHPHPXP!\
key is 12 and 19 : MTX GMFQ AY MTX CMOM YTEVAM BE PNWX. IHQHQXQ!\
key is 12 and 20 : MUX GNFR BY MUX CNON ZTFVBM BF QNXX. JHRHRXR!\
key is 12 and 21 : MVX GOFS CY MVX COOO ATGVCM BG RNYX. KHSHSXS!\
key is 12 and 22 : MWX GPFT DY MWX CPOP BTHVDM BH SNZX. LHTHTXT!\
key is 12 and 23 : MXX GQFU EY MXX CQOQ CTIVEM BI TNAX. MHUHUXU!\
key is 12 and 24 : MYX GRFV FY MYX CROR DTJVFM BJ UNBX. NHVHVXV!\
key is 12 and 25 : MZX GSFW GY MZX CSOS ETKVGM BK VNCX. OHWHWXW!\
key is 12 and 26 : MAX GTFX HY MAX CTOT FTLVHM BL WNDX. PHXHXXX!\
key is 13 and 1 : NBY HUGY IZ NBY DUPU GUMWIN CM XOEY. QIYIYYY!\
key is 13 and 2 : NCY HVGZ JZ NCY DVPV HUNWJN CN YOFY. RIZIZYZ!\
key is 13 and 3 : NDY HWGA KZ NDY DWPW IUOWKN CO ZOGY. SIAIAYA!\
key is 13 and 4 : NEY HXGB LZ NEY DXPX JUPWLN CP AOHY. TIBIBYB!\
key is 13 and 5 : NFY HYGC MZ NFY DYPY KUQWMN CQ BOIY. UICICYC!\
key is 13 and 6 : NGY HZGD NZ NGY DZPZ LURWNN CR COJY. VIDIDYD!\
key is 13 and 7 : NHY HAGE OZ NHY DAPA MUSWON CS DOKY. WIEIEYE!\
key is 13 and 8 : NIY HBGF PZ NIY DBPB NUTWPN CT EOLY. XIFIFYF!\
key is 13 and 9 : NJY HCGG QZ NJY DCPC OUUWQN CU FOMY. YIGIGYG!\
key is 13 and 10 : NKY HDGH RZ NKY DDPD PUVWRN CV GONY. ZIHIHYH!\
key is 13 and 11 : NLY HEGI SZ NLY DEPE QUWWSN CW HOOY. AIIIIYI!\
key is 13 and 12 : NMY HFGJ TZ NMY DFPF RUXWTN CX IOPY. BIJIJYJ!\
key is 13 and 13 : NNY HGGK UZ NNY DGPG SUYWUN CY JOQY. CIKIKYK!\
key is 13 and 14 : NOY HHGL VZ NOY DHPH TUZWVN CZ KORY. DILILYL!\
key is 13 and 15 : NPY HIGM WZ NPY DIPI UUAWWN CA LOSY. EIMIMYM!\
key is 13 and 16 : NQY HJGN XZ NQY DJPJ VUBWXN CB MOTY. FININYN!\
key is 13 and 17 : NRY HKGO YZ NRY DKPK WUCWYN CC NOUY. GIOIOYO!\
key is 13 and 18 : NSY HLGP ZZ NSY DLPL XUDWZN CD OOVY. HIPIPYP!\
key is 13 and 19 : NTY HMGQ AZ NTY DMPM YUEWAN CE POWY. IIQIQYQ!\
key is 13 and 20 : NUY HNGR BZ NUY DNPN ZUFWBN CF QOXY. JIRIRYR!\
key is 13 and 21 : NVY HOGS CZ NVY DOPO AUGWCN CG ROYY. KISISYS!\
key is 13 and 22 : NWY HPGT DZ NWY DPPP BUHWDN CH SOZY. LITITYT!\
key is 13 and 23 : NXY HQGU EZ NXY DQPQ CUIWEN CI TOAY. MIUIUYU!\
key is 13 and 24 : NYY HRGV FZ NYY DRPR DUJWFN CJ UOBY. NIVIVYV!\
key is 13 and 25 : NZY HSGW GZ NZY DSPS EUKWGN CK VOCY. OIWIWYW!\
key is 13 and 26 : NAY HTGX HZ NAY DTPT FULWHN CL WODY. PIXIXYX!\
key is 14 and 1 : OBZ IUHY IA OBZ EUQU GVMXIO DM XPEZ. QJYJYZY!\
key is 14 and 2 : OCZ IVHZ JA OCZ EVQV HVNXJO DN YPFZ. RJZJZZZ!\
key is 14 and 3 : ODZ IWHA KA ODZ EWQW IVOXKO DO ZPGZ. SJAJAZA!\
key is 14 and 4 : OEZ IXHB LA OEZ EXQX JVPXLO DP APHZ. TJBJBZB!\
key is 14 and 5 : OFZ IYHC MA OFZ EYQY KVQXMO DQ BPIZ. UJCJCZC!\
key is 14 and 6 : OGZ IZHD NA OGZ EZQZ LVRXNO DR CPJZ. VJDJDZD!\
key is 14 and 7 : OHZ IAHE OA OHZ EAQA MVSXOO DS DPKZ. WJEJEZE!\
key is 14 and 8 : OIZ IBHF PA OIZ EBQB NVTXPO DT EPLZ. XJFJFZF!\
key is 14 and 9 : OJZ ICHG QA OJZ ECQC OVUXQO DU FPMZ. YJGJGZG!\
key is 14 and 10 : OKZ IDHH RA OKZ EDQD PVVXRO DV GPNZ. ZJHJHZH!\
key is 14 and 11 : OLZ IEHI SA OLZ EEQE QVWXSO DW HPOZ. AJIJIZI!\
key is 14 and 12 : OMZ IFHJ TA OMZ EFQF RVXXTO DX IPPZ. BJJJJZJ!\
key is 14 and 13 : ONZ IGHK UA ONZ EGQG SVYXUO DY JPQZ. CJKJKZK!\
key is 14 and 14 : OOZ IHHL VA OOZ EHQH TVZXVO DZ KPRZ. DJLJLZL!\
key is 14 and 15 : OPZ IIHM WA OPZ EIQI UVAXWO DA LPSZ. EJMJMZM!\
key is 14 and 16 : OQZ IJHN XA OQZ EJQJ VVBXXO DB MPTZ. FJNJNZN!\
key is 14 and 17 : ORZ IKHO YA ORZ EKQK WVCXYO DC NPUZ. GJOJOZO!\
key is 14 and 18 : OSZ ILHP ZA OSZ ELQL XVDXZO DD OPVZ. HJPJPZP!\
key is 14 and 19 : OTZ IMHQ AA OTZ EMQM YVEXAO DE PPWZ. IJQJQZQ!\
key is 14 and 20 : OUZ INHR BA OUZ ENQN ZVFXBO DF QPXZ. JJRJRZR!\
key is 14 and 21 : OVZ IOHS CA OVZ EOQO AVGXCO DG RPYZ. KJSJSZS!\
key is 14 and 22 : OWZ IPHT DA OWZ EPQP BVHXDO DH SPZZ. LJTJTZT!\
key is 14 and 23 : OXZ IQHU EA OXZ EQQQ CVIXEO DI TPAZ. MJUJUZU!\
key is 14 and 24 : OYZ IRHV FA OYZ ERQR DVJXFO DJ UPBZ. NJVJVZV!\
key is 14 and 25 : OZZ ISHW GA OZZ ESQS EVKXGO DK VPCZ. OJWJWZW!\
key is 14 and 26 : OAZ ITHX HA OAZ ETQT FVLXHO DL WPDZ. PJXJXZX!\
key is 15 and 1 : PBA JUIY IB PBA FURU GWMYIP EM XQEA. QKYKYAY!\
key is 15 and 2 : PCA JVIZ JB PCA FVRV HWNYJP EN YQFA. RKZKZAZ!\
key is 15 and 3 : PDA JWIA KB PDA FWRW IWOYKP EO ZQGA. SKAKAAA!\
key is 15 and 4 : PEA JXIB LB PEA FXRX JWPYLP EP AQHA. TKBKBAB!\
key is 15 and 5 : PFA JYIC MB PFA FYRY KWQYMP EQ BQIA. UKCKCAC!\
key is 15 and 6 : PGA JZID NB PGA FZRZ LWRYNP ER CQJA. VKDKDAD!\
key is 15 and 7 : PHA JAIE OB PHA FARA MWSYOP ES DQKA. WKEKEAE!\
key is 15 and 8 : PIA JBIF PB PIA FBRB NWTYPP ET EQLA. XKFKFAF!\
key is 15 and 9 : PJA JCIG QB PJA FCRC OWUYQP EU FQMA. YKGKGAG!\
key is 15 and 10 : PKA JDIH RB PKA FDRD PWVYRP EV GQNA. ZKHKHAH!\
key is 15 and 11 : PLA JEII SB PLA FERE QWWYSP EW HQOA. AKIKIAI!\
key is 15 and 12 : PMA JFIJ TB PMA FFRF RWXYTP EX IQPA. BKJKJAJ!\
key is 15 and 13 : PNA JGIK UB PNA FGRG SWYYUP EY JQQA. CKKKKAK!\
key is 15 and 14 : POA JHIL VB POA FHRH TWZYVP EZ KQRA. DKLKLAL!\
key is 15 and 15 : PPA JIIM WB PPA FIRI UWAYWP EA LQSA. EKMKMAM!\
key is 15 and 16 : PQA JJIN XB PQA FJRJ VWBYXP EB MQTA. FKNKNAN!\
key is 15 and 17 : PRA JKIO YB PRA FKRK WWCYYP EC NQUA. GKOKOAO!\
key is 15 and 18 : PSA JLIP ZB PSA FLRL XWDYZP ED OQVA. HKPKPAP!\
key is 15 and 19 : PTA JMIQ AB PTA FMRM YWEYAP EE PQWA. IKQKQAQ!\
key is 15 and 20 : PUA JNIR BB PUA FNRN ZWFYBP EF QQXA. JKRKRAR!\
key is 15 and 21 : PVA JOIS CB PVA FORO AWGYCP EG RQYA. KKSKSAS!\
key is 15 and 22 : PWA JPIT DB PWA FPRP BWHYDP EH SQZA. LKTKTAT!\
key is 15 and 23 : PXA JQIU EB PXA FQRQ CWIYEP EI TQAA. MKUKUAU!\
key is 15 and 24 : PYA JRIV FB PYA FRRR DWJYFP EJ UQBA. NKVKVAV!\
key is 15 and 25 : PZA JSIW GB PZA FSRS EWKYGP EK VQCA. OKWKWAW!\
key is 15 and 26 : PAA JTIX HB PAA FTRT FWLYHP EL WQDA. PKXKXAX!\
key is 16 and 1 : QBB KUJY IC QBB GUSU GXMZIQ FM XREB. QLYLYBY!\
key is 16 and 2 : QCB KVJZ JC QCB GVSV HXNZJQ FN YRFB. RLZLZBZ!\
key is 16 and 3 : QDB KWJA KC QDB GWSW IXOZKQ FO ZRGB. SLALABA!\
key is 16 and 4 : QEB KXJB LC QEB GXSX JXPZLQ FP ARHB. TLBLBBB!\
key is 16 and 5 : QFB KYJC MC QFB GYSY KXQZMQ FQ BRIB. ULCLCBC!\
key is 16 and 6 : QGB KZJD NC QGB GZSZ LXRZNQ FR CRJB. VLDLDBD!\
key is 16 and 7 : QHB KAJE OC QHB GASA MXSZOQ FS DRKB. WLELEBE!\
key is 16 and 8 : QIB KBJF PC QIB GBSB NXTZPQ FT ERLB. XLFLFBF!\
key is 16 and 9 : QJB KCJG QC QJB GCSC OXUZQQ FU FRMB. YLGLGBG!\
key is 16 and 10 : QKB KDJH RC QKB GDSD PXVZRQ FV GRNB. ZLHLHBH!\
key is 16 and 11 : QLB KEJI SC QLB GESE QXWZSQ FW HROB. ALILIBI!\
key is 16 and 12 : QMB KFJJ TC QMB GFSF RXXZTQ FX IRPB. BLJLJBJ!\
key is 16 and 13 : QNB KGJK UC QNB GGSG SXYZUQ FY JRQB. CLKLKBK!\
key is 16 and 14 : QOB KHJL VC QOB GHSH TXZZVQ FZ KRRB. DLLLLBL!\
key is 16 and 15 : QPB KIJM WC QPB GISI UXAZWQ FA LRSB. ELMLMBM!\
key is 16 and 16 : QQB KJJN XC QQB GJSJ VXBZXQ FB MRTB. FLNLNBN!\
key is 16 and 17 : QRB KKJO YC QRB GKSK WXCZYQ FC NRUB. GLOLOBO!\
key is 16 and 18 : QSB KLJP ZC QSB GLSL XXDZZQ FD ORVB. HLPLPBP!\
key is 16 and 19 : QTB KMJQ AC QTB GMSM YXEZAQ FE PRWB. ILQLQBQ!\
key is 16 and 20 : QUB KNJR BC QUB GNSN ZXFZBQ FF QRXB. JLRLRBR!\
key is 16 and 21 : QVB KOJS CC QVB GOSO AXGZCQ FG RRYB. KLSLSBS!\
key is 16 and 22 : QWB KPJT DC QWB GPSP BXHZDQ FH SRZB. LLTLTBT!\
key is 16 and 23 : QXB KQJU EC QXB GQSQ CXIZEQ FI TRAB. MLULUBU!\
key is 16 and 24 : QYB KRJV FC QYB GRSR DXJZFQ FJ URBB. NLVLVBV!\
key is 16 and 25 : QZB KSJW GC QZB GSSS EXKZGQ FK VRCB. OLWLWBW!\
key is 16 and 26 : QAB KTJX HC QAB GTST FXLZHQ FL WRDB. PLXLXBX!\
key is 17 and 1 : RBC LUKY ID RBC HUTU GYMAIR GM XSEC. QMYMYCY!\
key is 17 and 2 : RCC LVKZ JD RCC HVTV HYNAJR GN YSFC. RMZMZCZ!\
key is 17 and 3 : RDC LWKA KD RDC HWTW IYOAKR GO ZSGC. SMAMACA!\
key is 17 and 4 : REC LXKB LD REC HXTX JYPALR GP ASHC. TMBMBCB!\
key is 17 and 5 : RFC LYKC MD RFC HYTY KYQAMR GQ BSIC. UMCMCCC!\
key is 17 and 6 : RGC LZKD ND RGC HZTZ LYRANR GR CSJC. VMDMDCD!\
key is 17 and 7 : RHC LAKE OD RHC HATA MYSAOR GS DSKC. WMEMECE!\
key is 17 and 8 : RIC LBKF PD RIC HBTB NYTAPR GT ESLC. XMFMFCF!\
key is 17 and 9 : RJC LCKG QD RJC HCTC OYUAQR GU FSMC. YMGMGCG!\
key is 17 and 10 : RKC LDKH RD RKC HDTD PYVARR GV GSNC. ZMHMHCH!\
key is 17 and 11 : RLC LEKI SD RLC HETE QYWASR GW HSOC. AMIMICI!\
key is 17 and 12 : RMC LFKJ TD RMC HFTF RYXATR GX ISPC. BMJMJCJ!\
key is 17 and 13 : RNC LGKK UD RNC HGTG SYYAUR GY JSQC. CMKMKCK!\
key is 17 and 14 : ROC LHKL VD ROC HHTH TYZAVR GZ KSRC. DMLMLCL!\
key is 17 and 15 : RPC LIKM WD RPC HITI UYAAWR GA LSSC. EMMMMCM!\
key is 17 and 16 : RQC LJKN XD RQC HJTJ VYBAXR GB MSTC. FMNMNCN!\
key is 17 and 17 : RRC LKKO YD RRC HKTK WYCAYR GC NSUC. GMOMOCO!\
key is 17 and 18 : RSC LLKP ZD RSC HLTL XYDAZR GD OSVC. HMPMPCP!\
key is 17 and 19 : RTC LMKQ AD RTC HMTM YYEAAR GE PSWC. IMQMQCQ!\
key is 17 and 20 : RUC LNKR BD RUC HNTN ZYFABR GF QSXC. JMRMRCR!\
key is 17 and 21 : RVC LOKS CD RVC HOTO AYGACR GG RSYC. KMSMSCS!\
key is 17 and 22 : RWC LPKT DD RWC HPTP BYHADR GH SSZC. LMTMTCT!\
key is 17 and 23 : RXC LQKU ED RXC HQTQ CYIAER GI TSAC. MMUMUCU!\
key is 17 and 24 : RYC LRKV FD RYC HRTR DYJAFR GJ USBC. NMVMVCV!\
key is 17 and 25 : RZC LSKW GD RZC HSTS EYKAGR GK VSCC. OMWMWCW!\
key is 17 and 26 : RAC LTKX HD RAC HTTT FYLAHR GL WSDC. PMXMXCX!\
key is 18 and 1 : SBD MULY IE SBD IUUU GZMBIS HM XTED. QNYNYDY!\
key is 18 and 2 : SCD MVLZ JE SCD IVUV HZNBJS HN YTFD. RNZNZDZ!\
key is 18 and 3 : SDD MWLA KE SDD IWUW IZOBKS HO ZTGD. SNANADA!\
key is 18 and 4 : SED MXLB LE SED IXUX JZPBLS HP ATHD. TNBNBDB!\
key is 18 and 5 : SFD MYLC ME SFD IYUY KZQBMS HQ BTID. UNCNCDC!\
key is 18 and 6 : SGD MZLD NE SGD IZUZ LZRBNS HR CTJD. VNDNDDD!\
key is 18 and 7 : SHD MALE OE SHD IAUA MZSBOS HS DTKD. WNENEDE!\
key is 18 and 8 : SID MBLF PE SID IBUB NZTBPS HT ETLD. XNFNFDF!\
key is 18 and 9 : SJD MCLG QE SJD ICUC OZUBQS HU FTMD. YNGNGDG!\
key is 18 and 10 : SKD MDLH RE SKD IDUD PZVBRS HV GTND. ZNHNHDH!\
key is 18 and 11 : SLD MELI SE SLD IEUE QZWBSS HW HTOD. ANINIDI!\
key is 18 and 12 : SMD MFLJ TE SMD IFUF RZXBTS HX ITPD. BNJNJDJ!\
key is 18 and 13 : SND MGLK UE SND IGUG SZYBUS HY JTQD. CNKNKDK!\
key is 18 and 14 : SOD MHLL VE SOD IHUH TZZBVS HZ KTRD. DNLNLDL!\
key is 18 and 15 : SPD MILM WE SPD IIUI UZABWS HA LTSD. ENMNMDM!\
key is 18 and 16 : SQD MJLN XE SQD IJUJ VZBBXS HB MTTD. FNNNNDN!\
key is 18 and 17 : SRD MKLO YE SRD IKUK WZCBYS HC NTUD. GNONODO!\
key is 18 and 18 : SSD MLLP ZE SSD ILUL XZDBZS HD OTVD. HNPNPDP!\
key is 18 and 19 : STD MMLQ AE STD IMUM YZEBAS HE PTWD. INQNQDQ!\
key is 18 and 20 : SUD MNLR BE SUD INUN ZZFBBS HF QTXD. JNRNRDR!\
key is 18 and 21 : SVD MOLS CE SVD IOUO AZGBCS HG RTYD. KNSNSDS!\
key is 18 and 22 : SWD MPLT DE SWD IPUP BZHBDS HH STZD. LNTNTDT!\
key is 18 and 23 : SXD MQLU EE SXD IQUQ CZIBES HI TTAD. MNUNUDU!\
key is 18 and 24 : SYD MRLV FE SYD IRUR DZJBFS HJ UTBD. NNVNVDV!\
key is 18 and 25 : SZD MSLW GE SZD ISUS EZKBGS HK VTCD. ONWNWDW!\
key is 18 and 26 : SAD MTLX HE SAD ITUT FZLBHS HL WTDD. PNXNXDX!\
key is 19 and 1 : TBE NUMY IF TBE JUVU GAMCIT IM XUEE. QOYOYEY!\
key is 19 and 2 : TCE NVMZ JF TCE JVVV HANCJT IN YUFE. ROZOZEZ!\
key is 19 and 3 : TDE NWMA KF TDE JWVW IAOCKT IO ZUGE. SOAOAEA!\
key is 19 and 4 : TEE NXMB LF TEE JXVX JAPCLT IP AUHE. TOBOBEB!\
key is 19 and 5 : TFE NYMC MF TFE JYVY KAQCMT IQ BUIE. UOCOCEC!\
key is 19 and 6 : TGE NZMD NF TGE JZVZ LARCNT IR CUJE. VODODED!\
\cb4 key is 19 and 7 : THE NAME OF THE JAVA MASCOT IS DUKE. WOEOEEE!\cb3 \
key is 19 and 8 : TIE NBMF PF TIE JBVB NATCPT IT EULE. XOFOFEF!\
key is 19 and 9 : TJE NCMG QF TJE JCVC OAUCQT IU FUME. YOGOGEG!\
key is 19 and 10 : TKE NDMH RF TKE JDVD PAVCRT IV GUNE. ZOHOHEH!\
key is 19 and 11 : TLE NEMI SF TLE JEVE QAWCST IW HUOE. AOIOIEI!\
key is 19 and 12 : TME NFMJ TF TME JFVF RAXCTT IX IUPE. BOJOJEJ!\
key is 19 and 13 : TNE NGMK UF TNE JGVG SAYCUT IY JUQE. COKOKEK!\
key is 19 and 14 : TOE NHML VF TOE JHVH TAZCVT IZ KURE. DOLOLEL!\
key is 19 and 15 : TPE NIMM WF TPE JIVI UAACWT IA LUSE. EOMOMEM!\
key is 19 and 16 : TQE NJMN XF TQE JJVJ VABCXT IB MUTE. FONONEN!\
key is 19 and 17 : TRE NKMO YF TRE JKVK WACCYT IC NUUE. GOOOOEO!\
key is 19 and 18 : TSE NLMP ZF TSE JLVL XADCZT ID OUVE. HOPOPEP!\
key is 19 and 19 : TTE NMMQ AF TTE JMVM YAECAT IE PUWE. IOQOQEQ!\
key is 19 and 20 : TUE NNMR BF TUE JNVN ZAFCBT IF QUXE. JORORER!\
key is 19 and 21 : TVE NOMS CF TVE JOVO AAGCCT IG RUYE. KOSOSES!\
key is 19 and 22 : TWE NPMT DF TWE JPVP BAHCDT IH SUZE. LOTOTET!\
key is 19 and 23 : TXE NQMU EF TXE JQVQ CAICET II TUAE. MOUOUEU!\
key is 19 and 24 : TYE NRMV FF TYE JRVR DAJCFT IJ UUBE. NOVOVEV!\
key is 19 and 25 : TZE NSMW GF TZE JSVS EAKCGT IK VUCE. OOWOWEW!\
key is 19 and 26 : TAE NTMX HF TAE JTVT FALCHT IL WUDE. POXOXEX!\
key is 20 and 1 : UBF OUNY IG UBF KUWU GBMDIU JM XVEF. QPYPYFY!\
key is 20 and 2 : UCF OVNZ JG UCF KVWV HBNDJU JN YVFF. RPZPZFZ!\
key is 20 and 3 : UDF OWNA KG UDF KWWW IBODKU JO ZVGF. SPAPAFA!\
key is 20 and 4 : UEF OXNB LG UEF KXWX JBPDLU JP AVHF. TPBPBFB!\
key is 20 and 5 : UFF OYNC MG UFF KYWY KBQDMU JQ BVIF. UPCPCFC!\
key is 20 and 6 : UGF OZND NG UGF KZWZ LBRDNU JR CVJF. VPDPDFD!\
key is 20 and 7 : UHF OANE OG UHF KAWA MBSDOU JS DVKF. WPEPEFE!\
key is 20 and 8 : UIF OBNF PG UIF KBWB NBTDPU JT EVLF. XPFPFFF!\
key is 20 and 9 : UJF OCNG QG UJF KCWC OBUDQU JU FVMF. YPGPGFG!\
key is 20 and 10 : UKF ODNH RG UKF KDWD PBVDRU JV GVNF. ZPHPHFH!\
key is 20 and 11 : ULF OENI SG ULF KEWE QBWDSU JW HVOF. APIPIFI!\
key is 20 and 12 : UMF OFNJ TG UMF KFWF RBXDTU JX IVPF. BPJPJFJ!\
key is 20 and 13 : UNF OGNK UG UNF KGWG SBYDUU JY JVQF. CPKPKFK!\
key is 20 and 14 : UOF OHNL VG UOF KHWH TBZDVU JZ KVRF. DPLPLFL!\
key is 20 and 15 : UPF OINM WG UPF KIWI UBADWU JA LVSF. EPMPMFM!\
key is 20 and 16 : UQF OJNN XG UQF KJWJ VBBDXU JB MVTF. FPNPNFN!\
key is 20 and 17 : URF OKNO YG URF KKWK WBCDYU JC NVUF. GPOPOFO!\
key is 20 and 18 : USF OLNP ZG USF KLWL XBDDZU JD OVVF. HPPPPFP!\
key is 20 and 19 : UTF OMNQ AG UTF KMWM YBEDAU JE PVWF. IPQPQFQ!\
key is 20 and 20 : UUF ONNR BG UUF KNWN ZBFDBU JF QVXF. JPRPRFR!\
key is 20 and 21 : UVF OONS CG UVF KOWO ABGDCU JG RVYF. KPSPSFS!\
key is 20 and 22 : UWF OPNT DG UWF KPWP BBHDDU JH SVZF. LPTPTFT!\
key is 20 and 23 : UXF OQNU EG UXF KQWQ CBIDEU JI TVAF. MPUPUFU!\
key is 20 and 24 : UYF ORNV FG UYF KRWR DBJDFU JJ UVBF. NPVPVFV!\
key is 20 and 25 : UZF OSNW GG UZF KSWS EBKDGU JK VVCF. OPWPWFW!\
key is 20 and 26 : UAF OTNX HG UAF KTWT FBLDHU JL WVDF. PPXPXFX!\
key is 21 and 1 : VBG PUOY IH VBG LUXU GCMEIV KM XWEG. QQYQYGY!\
key is 21 and 2 : VCG PVOZ JH VCG LVXV HCNEJV KN YWFG. RQZQZGZ!\
key is 21 and 3 : VDG PWOA KH VDG LWXW ICOEKV KO ZWGG. SQAQAGA!\
key is 21 and 4 : VEG PXOB LH VEG LXXX JCPELV KP AWHG. TQBQBGB!\
key is 21 and 5 : VFG PYOC MH VFG LYXY KCQEMV KQ BWIG. UQCQCGC!\
key is 21 and 6 : VGG PZOD NH VGG LZXZ LCRENV KR CWJG. VQDQDGD!\
key is 21 and 7 : VHG PAOE OH VHG LAXA MCSEOV KS DWKG. WQEQEGE!\
key is 21 and 8 : VIG PBOF PH VIG LBXB NCTEPV KT EWLG. XQFQFGF!\
key is 21 and 9 : VJG PCOG QH VJG LCXC OCUEQV KU FWMG. YQGQGGG!\
key is 21 and 10 : VKG PDOH RH VKG LDXD PCVERV KV GWNG. ZQHQHGH!\
key is 21 and 11 : VLG PEOI SH VLG LEXE QCWESV KW HWOG. AQIQIGI!\
key is 21 and 12 : VMG PFOJ TH VMG LFXF RCXETV KX IWPG. BQJQJGJ!\
key is 21 and 13 : VNG PGOK UH VNG LGXG SCYEUV KY JWQG. CQKQKGK!\
key is 21 and 14 : VOG PHOL VH VOG LHXH TCZEVV KZ KWRG. DQLQLGL!\
key is 21 and 15 : VPG PIOM WH VPG LIXI UCAEWV KA LWSG. EQMQMGM!\
key is 21 and 16 : VQG PJON XH VQG LJXJ VCBEXV KB MWTG. FQNQNGN!\
key is 21 and 17 : VRG PKOO YH VRG LKXK WCCEYV KC NWUG. GQOQOGO!\
key is 21 and 18 : VSG PLOP ZH VSG LLXL XCDEZV KD OWVG. HQPQPGP!\
key is 21 and 19 : VTG PMOQ AH VTG LMXM YCEEAV KE PWWG. IQQQQGQ!\
key is 21 and 20 : VUG PNOR BH VUG LNXN ZCFEBV KF QWXG. JQRQRGR!\
key is 21 and 21 : VVG POOS CH VVG LOXO ACGECV KG RWYG. KQSQSGS!\
key is 21 and 22 : VWG PPOT DH VWG LPXP BCHEDV KH SWZG. LQTQTGT!\
key is 21 and 23 : VXG PQOU EH VXG LQXQ CCIEEV KI TWAG. MQUQUGU!\
key is 21 and 24 : VYG PROV FH VYG LRXR DCJEFV KJ UWBG. NQVQVGV!\
key is 21 and 25 : VZG PSOW GH VZG LSXS ECKEGV KK VWCG. OQWQWGW!\
key is 21 and 26 : VAG PTOX HH VAG LTXT FCLEHV KL WWDG. PQXQXGX!\
key is 22 and 1 : WBH QUPY II WBH MUYU GDMFIW LM XXEH. QRYRYHY!\
key is 22 and 2 : WCH QVPZ JI WCH MVYV HDNFJW LN YXFH. RRZRZHZ!\
key is 22 and 3 : WDH QWPA KI WDH MWYW IDOFKW LO ZXGH. SRARAHA!\
key is 22 and 4 : WEH QXPB LI WEH MXYX JDPFLW LP AXHH. TRBRBHB!\
key is 22 and 5 : WFH QYPC MI WFH MYYY KDQFMW LQ BXIH. URCRCHC!\
key is 22 and 6 : WGH QZPD NI WGH MZYZ LDRFNW LR CXJH. VRDRDHD!\
key is 22 and 7 : WHH QAPE OI WHH MAYA MDSFOW LS DXKH. WREREHE!\
key is 22 and 8 : WIH QBPF PI WIH MBYB NDTFPW LT EXLH. XRFRFHF!\
key is 22 and 9 : WJH QCPG QI WJH MCYC ODUFQW LU FXMH. YRGRGHG!\
key is 22 and 10 : WKH QDPH RI WKH MDYD PDVFRW LV GXNH. ZRHRHHH!\
key is 22 and 11 : WLH QEPI SI WLH MEYE QDWFSW LW HXOH. ARIRIHI!\
key is 22 and 12 : WMH QFPJ TI WMH MFYF RDXFTW LX IXPH. BRJRJHJ!\
key is 22 and 13 : WNH QGPK UI WNH MGYG SDYFUW LY JXQH. CRKRKHK!\
key is 22 and 14 : WOH QHPL VI WOH MHYH TDZFVW LZ KXRH. DRLRLHL!\
key is 22 and 15 : WPH QIPM WI WPH MIYI UDAFWW LA LXSH. ERMRMHM!\
key is 22 and 16 : WQH QJPN XI WQH MJYJ VDBFXW LB MXTH. FRNRNHN!\
key is 22 and 17 : WRH QKPO YI WRH MKYK WDCFYW LC NXUH. GROROHO!\
key is 22 and 18 : WSH QLPP ZI WSH MLYL XDDFZW LD OXVH. HRPRPHP!\
key is 22 and 19 : WTH QMPQ AI WTH MMYM YDEFAW LE PXWH. IRQRQHQ!\
key is 22 and 20 : WUH QNPR BI WUH MNYN ZDFFBW LF QXXH. JRRRRHR!\
key is 22 and 21 : WVH QOPS CI WVH MOYO ADGFCW LG RXYH. KRSRSHS!\
key is 22 and 22 : WWH QPPT DI WWH MPYP BDHFDW LH SXZH. LRTRTHT!\
key is 22 and 23 : WXH QQPU EI WXH MQYQ CDIFEW LI TXAH. MRURUHU!\
key is 22 and 24 : WYH QRPV FI WYH MRYR DDJFFW LJ UXBH. NRVRVHV!\
key is 22 and 25 : WZH QSPW GI WZH MSYS EDKFGW LK VXCH. ORWRWHW!\
key is 22 and 26 : WAH QTPX HI WAH MTYT FDLFHW LL WXDH. PRXRXHX!\
key is 23 and 1 : XBI RUQY IJ XBI NUZU GEMGIX MM XYEI. QSYSYIY!\
key is 23 and 2 : XCI RVQZ JJ XCI NVZV HENGJX MN YYFI. RSZSZIZ!\
key is 23 and 3 : XDI RWQA KJ XDI NWZW IEOGKX MO ZYGI. SSASAIA!\
key is 23 and 4 : XEI RXQB LJ XEI NXZX JEPGLX MP AYHI. TSBSBIB!\
key is 23 and 5 : XFI RYQC MJ XFI NYZY KEQGMX MQ BYII. USCSCIC!\
key is 23 and 6 : XGI RZQD NJ XGI NZZZ LERGNX MR CYJI. VSDSDID!\
key is 23 and 7 : XHI RAQE OJ XHI NAZA MESGOX MS DYKI. WSESEIE!\
key is 23 and 8 : XII RBQF PJ XII NBZB NETGPX MT EYLI. XSFSFIF!\
key is 23 and 9 : XJI RCQG QJ XJI NCZC OEUGQX MU FYMI. YSGSGIG!\
key is 23 and 10 : XKI RDQH RJ XKI NDZD PEVGRX MV GYNI. ZSHSHIH!\
key is 23 and 11 : XLI REQI SJ XLI NEZE QEWGSX MW HYOI. ASISIII!\
key is 23 and 12 : XMI RFQJ TJ XMI NFZF REXGTX MX IYPI. BSJSJIJ!\
key is 23 and 13 : XNI RGQK UJ XNI NGZG SEYGUX MY JYQI. CSKSKIK!\
key is 23 and 14 : XOI RHQL VJ XOI NHZH TEZGVX MZ KYRI. DSLSLIL!\
key is 23 and 15 : XPI RIQM WJ XPI NIZI UEAGWX MA LYSI. ESMSMIM!\
key is 23 and 16 : XQI RJQN XJ XQI NJZJ VEBGXX MB MYTI. FSNSNIN!\
key is 23 and 17 : XRI RKQO YJ XRI NKZK WECGYX MC NYUI. GSOSOIO!\
key is 23 and 18 : XSI RLQP ZJ XSI NLZL XEDGZX MD OYVI. HSPSPIP!\
key is 23 and 19 : XTI RMQQ AJ XTI NMZM YEEGAX ME PYWI. ISQSQIQ!\
key is 23 and 20 : XUI RNQR BJ XUI NNZN ZEFGBX MF QYXI. JSRSRIR!\
key is 23 and 21 : XVI ROQS CJ XVI NOZO AEGGCX MG RYYI. KSSSSIS!\
key is 23 and 22 : XWI RPQT DJ XWI NPZP BEHGDX MH SYZI. LSTSTIT!\
key is 23 and 23 : XXI RQQU EJ XXI NQZQ CEIGEX MI TYAI. MSUSUIU!\
key is 23 and 24 : XYI RRQV FJ XYI NRZR DEJGFX MJ UYBI. NSVSVIV!\
key is 23 and 25 : XZI RSQW GJ XZI NSZS EEKGGX MK VYCI. OSWSWIW!\
key is 23 and 26 : XAI RTQX HJ XAI NTZT FELGHX ML WYDI. PSXSXIX!\
key is 24 and 1 : YBJ SURY IK YBJ OUAU GFMHIY NM XZEJ. QTYTYJY!\
key is 24 and 2 : YCJ SVRZ JK YCJ OVAV HFNHJY NN YZFJ. RTZTZJZ!\
key is 24 and 3 : YDJ SWRA KK YDJ OWAW IFOHKY NO ZZGJ. STATAJA!\
key is 24 and 4 : YEJ SXRB LK YEJ OXAX JFPHLY NP AZHJ. TTBTBJB!\
key is 24 and 5 : YFJ SYRC MK YFJ OYAY KFQHMY NQ BZIJ. UTCTCJC!\
key is 24 and 6 : YGJ SZRD NK YGJ OZAZ LFRHNY NR CZJJ. VTDTDJD!\
key is 24 and 7 : YHJ SARE OK YHJ OAAA MFSHOY NS DZKJ. WTETEJE!\
key is 24 and 8 : YIJ SBRF PK YIJ OBAB NFTHPY NT EZLJ. XTFTFJF!\
key is 24 and 9 : YJJ SCRG QK YJJ OCAC OFUHQY NU FZMJ. YTGTGJG!\
key is 24 and 10 : YKJ SDRH RK YKJ ODAD PFVHRY NV GZNJ. ZTHTHJH!\
key is 24 and 11 : YLJ SERI SK YLJ OEAE QFWHSY NW HZOJ. ATITIJI!\
key is 24 and 12 : YMJ SFRJ TK YMJ OFAF RFXHTY NX IZPJ. BTJTJJJ!\
key is 24 and 13 : YNJ SGRK UK YNJ OGAG SFYHUY NY JZQJ. CTKTKJK!\
key is 24 and 14 : YOJ SHRL VK YOJ OHAH TFZHVY NZ KZRJ. DTLTLJL!\
key is 24 and 15 : YPJ SIRM WK YPJ OIAI UFAHWY NA LZSJ. ETMTMJM!\
key is 24 and 16 : YQJ SJRN XK YQJ OJAJ VFBHXY NB MZTJ. FTNTNJN!\
key is 24 and 17 : YRJ SKRO YK YRJ OKAK WFCHYY NC NZUJ. GTOTOJO!\
key is 24 and 18 : YSJ SLRP ZK YSJ OLAL XFDHZY ND OZVJ. HTPTPJP!\
key is 24 and 19 : YTJ SMRQ AK YTJ OMAM YFEHAY NE PZWJ. ITQTQJQ!\
key is 24 and 20 : YUJ SNRR BK YUJ ONAN ZFFHBY NF QZXJ. JTRTRJR!\
key is 24 and 21 : YVJ SORS CK YVJ OOAO AFGHCY NG RZYJ. KTSTSJS!\
key is 24 and 22 : YWJ SPRT DK YWJ OPAP BFHHDY NH SZZJ. LTTTTJT!\
key is 24 and 23 : YXJ SQRU EK YXJ OQAQ CFIHEY NI TZAJ. MTUTUJU!\
key is 24 and 24 : YYJ SRRV FK YYJ ORAR DFJHFY NJ UZBJ. NTVTVJV!\
key is 24 and 25 : YZJ SSRW GK YZJ OSAS EFKHGY NK VZCJ. OTWTWJW!\
key is 24 and 26 : YAJ STRX HK YAJ OTAT FFLHHY NL WZDJ. PTXTXJX!\
key is 25 and 1 : ZBK TUSY IL ZBK PUBU GGMIIZ OM XAEK. QUYUYKY!\
key is 25 and 2 : ZCK TVSZ JL ZCK PVBV HGNIJZ ON YAFK. RUZUZKZ!\
key is 25 and 3 : ZDK TWSA KL ZDK PWBW IGOIKZ OO ZAGK. SUAUAKA!\
key is 25 and 4 : ZEK TXSB LL ZEK PXBX JGPILZ OP AAHK. TUBUBKB!\
key is 25 and 5 : ZFK TYSC ML ZFK PYBY KGQIMZ OQ BAIK. UUCUCKC!\
key is 25 and 6 : ZGK TZSD NL ZGK PZBZ LGRINZ OR CAJK. VUDUDKD!\
key is 25 and 7 : ZHK TASE OL ZHK PABA MGSIOZ OS DAKK. WUEUEKE!\
key is 25 and 8 : ZIK TBSF PL ZIK PBBB NGTIPZ OT EALK. XUFUFKF!\
key is 25 and 9 : ZJK TCSG QL ZJK PCBC OGUIQZ OU FAMK. YUGUGKG!\
key is 25 and 10 : ZKK TDSH RL ZKK PDBD PGVIRZ OV GANK. ZUHUHKH!\
key is 25 and 11 : ZLK TESI SL ZLK PEBE QGWISZ OW HAOK. AUIUIKI!\
key is 25 and 12 : ZMK TFSJ TL ZMK PFBF RGXITZ OX IAPK. BUJUJKJ!\
key is 25 and 13 : ZNK TGSK UL ZNK PGBG SGYIUZ OY JAQK. CUKUKKK!\
key is 25 and 14 : ZOK THSL VL ZOK PHBH TGZIVZ OZ KARK. DULULKL!\
key is 25 and 15 : ZPK TISM WL ZPK PIBI UGAIWZ OA LASK. EUMUMKM!\
key is 25 and 16 : ZQK TJSN XL ZQK PJBJ VGBIXZ OB MATK. FUNUNKN!\
key is 25 and 17 : ZRK TKSO YL ZRK PKBK WGCIYZ OC NAUK. GUOUOKO!\
key is 25 and 18 : ZSK TLSP ZL ZSK PLBL XGDIZZ OD OAVK. HUPUPKP!\
key is 25 and 19 : ZTK TMSQ AL ZTK PMBM YGEIAZ OE PAWK. IUQUQKQ!\
key is 25 and 20 : ZUK TNSR BL ZUK PNBN ZGFIBZ OF QAXK. JURURKR!\
key is 25 and 21 : ZVK TOSS CL ZVK POBO AGGICZ OG RAYK. KUSUSKS!\
key is 25 and 22 : ZWK TPST DL ZWK PPBP BGHIDZ OH SAZK. LUTUTKT!\
key is 25 and 23 : ZXK TQSU EL ZXK PQBQ CGIIEZ OI TAAK. MUUUUKU!\
key is 25 and 24 : ZYK TRSV FL ZYK PRBR DGJIFZ OJ UABK. NUVUVKV!\
key is 25 and 25 : ZZK TSSW GL ZZK PSBS EGKIGZ OK VACK. OUWUWKW!\
key is 25 and 26 : ZAK TTSX HL ZAK PTBT FGLIHZ OL WADK. PUXUXKX!\
key is 26 and 1 : ABL UUTY IM ABL QUCU GHMJIA PM XBEL. QVYVYLY!\
key is 26 and 2 : ACL UVTZ JM ACL QVCV HHNJJA PN YBFL. RVZVZLZ!\
key is 26 and 3 : ADL UWTA KM ADL QWCW IHOJKA PO ZBGL. SVAVALA!\
key is 26 and 4 : AEL UXTB LM AEL QXCX JHPJLA PP ABHL. TVBVBLB!\
key is 26 and 5 : AFL UYTC MM AFL QYCY KHQJMA PQ BBIL. UVCVCLC!\
key is 26 and 6 : AGL UZTD NM AGL QZCZ LHRJNA PR CBJL. VVDVDLD!\
key is 26 and 7 : AHL UATE OM AHL QACA MHSJOA PS DBKL. WVEVELE!\
key is 26 and 8 : AIL UBTF PM AIL QBCB NHTJPA PT EBLL. XVFVFLF!\
key is 26 and 9 : AJL UCTG QM AJL QCCC OHUJQA PU FBML. YVGVGLG!\
key is 26 and 10 : AKL UDTH RM AKL QDCD PHVJRA PV GBNL. ZVHVHLH!\
key is 26 and 11 : ALL UETI SM ALL QECE QHWJSA PW HBOL. AVIVILI!\
key is 26 and 12 : AML UFTJ TM AML QFCF RHXJTA PX IBPL. BVJVJLJ!\
key is 26 and 13 : ANL UGTK UM ANL QGCG SHYJUA PY JBQL. CVKVKLK!\
key is 26 and 14 : AOL UHTL VM AOL QHCH THZJVA PZ KBRL. DVLVLLL!\
key is 26 and 15 : APL UITM WM APL QICI UHAJWA PA LBSL. EVMVMLM!\
key is 26 and 16 : AQL UJTN XM AQL QJCJ VHBJXA PB MBTL. FVNVNLN!\
key is 26 and 17 : ARL UKTO YM ARL QKCK WHCJYA PC NBUL. GVOVOLO!\
key is 26 and 18 : ASL ULTP ZM ASL QLCL XHDJZA PD OBVL. HVPVPLP!\
key is 26 and 19 : ATL UMTQ AM ATL QMCM YHEJAA PE PBWL. IVQVQLQ!\
key is 26 and 20 : AUL UNTR BM AUL QNCN ZHFJBA PF QBXL. JVRVRLR!\
key is 26 and 21 : AVL UOTS CM AVL QOCO AHGJCA PG RBYL. KVSVSLS!\
key is 26 and 22 : AWL UPTT DM AWL QPCP BHHJDA PH SBZL. LVTVTLT!\
key is 26 and 23 : AXL UQTU EM AXL QQCQ CHIJEA PI TBAL. MVUVULU!\
key is 26 and 24 : AYL URTV FM AYL QRCR DHJJFA PJ UBBL. NVVVVLV!\
key is 26 and 25 : AZL USTW GM AZL QSCS EHKJGA PK VBCL. OVWVWLW!\
key is 26 and 26 : AAL UTTX HM AAL QTCT FHLJHA PL WBDL. PVXVXLX!\
}